README.md, before:

![CovidPass](https://covidpass.marvinsextro.de/thumbnail.png)

This web app offers the ability to add your EU Digital Covid Vaccination Certificates as a pass into your favorite wallet apps on iOS/watchOS or Android/wearOS. CovidPass accomplishes this without sending your data to a server and instead only uses a hashed representation for the signing step.

# Getting started

If you want to add your vaccination certificate into your wallet with CovidPass, there are two main options.

* Use the [CovidPass web app](https://covidpass.marvinsextro.de) hosted by us
* Use your own Apple Developer Certificate to generate a pass

Note that the latter option requires you to have an [Apple Developer Account](https://developer.apple.com) and is a more complicated process.

# Quick start

## Using our service

* Go to [https://covidpass.marvinsextro.de](https://covidpass.marvinsextro.de)
* Select or scan the screenshot/PDF with the QR code
* Pick a background color
* Add your certificate to the wallet

## Running it yourself

Note that the following options do not have support for actually converting your certificates as they lack the API connection for the signing step.
You can read about how you can use your own Apple Developer Certificate in the chapter below.

### Debug the web app

```sh
yarn install
yarn dev
```

### Run the Docker container

```sh
docker build . -t covidpass
docker run -t -i -p 3000:3000 covidpass
```

### Deploy on your own server

We have a [separate repository](https://github.com/covidpass-org/docker-compose) containing a docker-compose file which you can use for your own deployment of CovidPass.

# FAQ

#### I do not want to trust a third party with my vaccination data, what makes this a secure option?

Processing of your data happens entirely in your browser and only a hashed representation is sent to the server for the signing step.

#### How do I make sure that nobody can access my vaccination pass from the lock screen (iOS)?

Navigate to the "TouchID & Code" or "FaceID & Code" or just "Code" section in the Settings and switch the toggle to off for Wallet in the section "Allow access from the lock screen". Also see [this official guide](https://support.apple.com/guide/iphone/control-access-information-lock-screen-iph9a2a69136/ios) from Apple.

#### Why don't the official apps offer this feature?

The official apps like [Corona-Warn-App](https://github.com/corona-warn-app/cwa-app-ios) have decided against this feature due to security concerns. For example, this was discussed [here](https://github.com/eu-digital-green-certificates/dgca-wallet-app-ios/issues/69) or [here](https://github.com/corona-warn-app/cwa-app-ios/issues/2965).

#### Why is my certificate not recognized?

We are in an early development stage and actively working on improving support for all EU countries. Feel free to create an issue describing the problem you faced.

# Using your own Apple Developer Certificate

## Get your certificate

* Sign into your [Apple Developer Account](https://developer.apple.com/account/)
* Go to Certificates, Identifiers and Profiles
* Register a new Pass Type Identifier under the Identifiers tab
* Create a new Pass Type ID Certificate under the Certificates tab
* Select your previously created Pass Type Identifier in the process
* Move your new certificate to the My Certificates tab in the keychain
* Export your certificate as a .p12 file


* Install node.js and download the [passkit-keys](https://github.com/walletpass/pass-js/blob/master/bin/passkit-keys) script
* Create a `keys` folder and put the .p12 file inside
* Run ./passkit-keys `<path to your keys folder>`
* You may have to type in the passphrase you defined during the export step
* Base64 encode the contents of the newly generated .pem file inside the keys folder

## Run the API locally

A description of how you can use your certificate locally with the API will be provided in the readme of the [CovidPass API](https://github.com/covidpass-org/CovidPassApiNet). 
To connect the web app to your local server, you have to set the `API_BASE_URL` environment variable accordingly.

# Explanation of the process

The whole process of generating the pass file happens locally in your browser. For the signing step, only a hashed representation of your data is sent to the server.

First, the following steps happen locally in your browser:

* Recognizing and extracting the QR code data from your selected certificate
* Decoding your personal and health-related data from the QR code payload
* Assembling an incomplete pass file out of your data
* Generating a file containing hashes of the data stored in the pass file
* Sending only the file containing the hashes to the server

Second, the following steps happen on the server:

* Receiving and checking the hashes which were generated locally
* Signing the file containing the hashes
* Sending the signature back

Finally, the following steps happen locally in your browser:

* Assembling the signed pass file out of the incomplete file generated locally and the signature
* Saving the file on your device

# Privacy policy of our service

You can find the full privacy policy of our service [here](https://covidpass.marvinsextro.de/privacy).

# Credits

The idea for this web app originated from the [solution of an Austrian web developer](https://coronapass.fabianpimminger.com), which only works for Austrian certificates at the moment.

# Contribute

Any contribution to this project is welcome. Feel free to leave your suggestions, issues or pull requests. We are also looking for people to translate this web app for all EU countries.

Commit message:

Fix name for Spikevax/Moderna

README.md, after:

# FORK

This fork was creating just as a stop-gap measure while these changes are implemented in the main project. What this fork does differently is simply showing more human readable names for some vaccines, e.g., instead of showing "Spikevax" as the vaccine, which many authorities won't recognize, this shows "Spikevax (Moderna)".

A live version of this fork is available [HERE](https://covidpass.laurabrehm.io)

------------------------------------


![CovidPass](https://covidpass.marvinsextro.de/thumbnail.png)

This web app offers the ability to add your EU Digital Covid Vaccination Certificates as a pass into your favorite wallet apps on iOS/watchOS or Android/wearOS. CovidPass accomplishes this without sending your data to a server and instead only uses a hashed representation for the signing step.

# Getting started

If you want to add your vaccination certificate into your wallet with CovidPass, there are two main options.

* Use the [CovidPass web app](https://covidpass.marvinsextro.de) hosted by us
* Use your own Apple Developer Certificate to generate a pass

Note that the latter option requires you to have an [Apple Developer Account](https://developer.apple.com) and is a more complicated process.

# Quick start

## Using our service

* Go to [https://covidpass.marvinsextro.de](https://covidpass.marvinsextro.de)
* Select or scan the screenshot/PDF with the QR code
* Pick a background color
* Add your certificate to the wallet

## Running it yourself

Note that the following options do not have support for actually converting your certificates as they lack the API connection for the signing step.
You can read about how you can use your own Apple Developer Certificate in the chapter below.

### Debug the web app

```sh
yarn install
yarn dev
```

### Run the Docker container

```sh
docker build . -t covidpass
docker run -t -i -p 3000:3000 covidpass
```

### Deploy on your own server

We have a [separate repository](https://github.com/covidpass-org/docker-compose) containing a docker-compose file which you can use for your own deployment of CovidPass.

# FAQ

#### I do not want to trust a third party with my vaccination data, what makes this a secure option?

Processing of your data happens entirely in your browser and only a hashed representation is sent to the server for the signing step.

#### How do I make sure that nobody can access my vaccination pass from the lock screen (iOS)?

Navigate to the "TouchID & Code" or "FaceID & Code" or just "Code" section in the Settings and switch the toggle to off for Wallet in the section "Allow access from the lock screen". Also see [this official guide](https://support.apple.com/guide/iphone/control-access-information-lock-screen-iph9a2a69136/ios) from Apple.

#### Why don't the official apps offer this feature?

The official apps like [Corona-Warn-App](https://github.com/corona-warn-app/cwa-app-ios) have decided against this feature due to security concerns. For example, this was discussed [here](https://github.com/eu-digital-green-certificates/dgca-wallet-app-ios/issues/69) or [here](https://github.com/corona-warn-app/cwa-app-ios/issues/2965).

#### Why is my certificate not recognized?

We are in an early development stage and actively working on improving support for all EU countries. Feel free to create an issue describing the problem you faced.

# Using your own Apple Developer Certificate

## Get your certificate

* Sign into your [Apple Developer Account](https://developer.apple.com/account/)
* Go to Certificates, Identifiers and Profiles
* Register a new Pass Type Identifier under the Identifiers tab
* Create a new Pass Type ID Certificate under the Certificates tab
* Select your previously created Pass Type Identifier in the process
* Move your new certificate to the My Certificates tab in the keychain
* Export your certificate as a .p12 file


* Install node.js and download the [passkit-keys](https://github.com/walletpass/pass-js/blob/master/bin/passkit-keys) script
* Create a `keys` folder and put the .p12 file inside
* Run ./passkit-keys `<path to your keys folder>`
* You may have to type in the passphrase you defined during the export step
* Base64 encode the contents of the newly generated .pem file inside the keys folder

## Run the API locally

A description of how you can use your certificate locally with the API will be provided in the readme of the [CovidPass API](https://github.com/covidpass-org/CovidPassApiNet). 
To connect the web app to your local server, you have to set the `API_BASE_URL` environment variable accordingly.

# Explanation of the process

The whole process of generating the pass file happens locally in your browser. For the signing step, only a hashed representation of your data is sent to the server.

First, the following steps happen locally in your browser:

* Recognizing and extracting the QR code data from your selected certificate
* Decoding your personal and health-related data from the QR code payload
* Assembling an incomplete pass file out of your data
* Generating a file containing hashes of the data stored in the pass file
* Sending only the file containing the hashes to the server

Second, the following steps happen on the server:

* Receiving and checking the hashes which were generated locally
* Signing the file containing the hashes
* Sending the signature back

Finally, the following steps happen locally in your browser:

* Assembling the signed pass file out of the incomplete file generated locally and the signature
* Saving the file on your device

# Privacy policy of our service

You can find the full privacy policy of our service [here](https://covidpass.marvinsextro.de/privacy).

# Credits

The idea for this web app originated from the [solution of an Austrian web developer](https://coronapass.fabianpimminger.com), which only works for Austrian certificates at the moment.

# Contribute

Any contribution to this project is welcome. Feel free to leave your suggestions, issues or pull requests. We are also looking for people to translate this web app for all EU countries.
